---
title: 2025 Gordon Research Seminar and Conference
date: 2025-07-20
categories: [Meetings]
tags: [soft matter] # TAG names should always be lowercase
math: false
toc: true
---
A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to present my research at the **Gordon Research Seminar** (**GRS**) in Liquid Crystals and then attended the **Gordon Research Conference** (**GRC**) in the same field. Reflecting on the experience, I decided to write a short post about it.

It was my first time attending, and honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect. However, knowing my advisor was the chair, I anticipated a valuable conference. The GRS is designed for young researchers, primarily PhD students, to share their work. They also hosted invited speakers who shared their experiences and offered career guidance, which was an amazing part of the seminar. In my current department, there isn't a large group doing similar research, so it can feel a bit isolating. Having the chance to discuss my research with others in the field was a very pleasant experience.

I always get a bit anxious before giving talks at conferences, but I think that's normal. English isn't my first language, but I'm getting more comfortable with it. My English skills are improving, and I can communicate effectively. I gave my talk on a Saturday, the last one of the day. Afterward, I felt quite relieved — **part one of my to-do list was complete!**

Part two involved presenting my poster at the GRC, which immediately followed the seminar. For context, the GRS ran Saturday and Sunday, and the GRC began Sunday and concluded Thursday night. If the GRS was great, the GRC was even better. It's where you learn from the best in your field. All the talks were fantastic, offering an excellent mix of experiments, simulations, theory, and applied mathematics. (My advisor, a math enthusiast and chair of the conference, ensured the strong presence of applied math speakers.)

I was also a bit anxious about the poster session but equally excited. It was a fantastic chance to share my research and get feedback. I believe I did a good job and was happy with the discussions, receiving some very insightful questions and ideas to implement. By the end, I was exhausted from all the work, but the experience was incredibly valuable and inspiring. I also spent some time collaborating and coding in my spare moments.

I made new friends and learned so much — **truly a significant amount**. 

**I'm very happy I could attend and share this experience.**
